kte-collaborative: Collaborative Text Editor for KDE

Terminology
-----------
Infinote Server: Server hosting collaborative editing sessions
Session: A collaborative editing instance of a note
Note: An editable document on an infinote server

Description of the source tree
------------------------------
Here's a short description of where what source code is located.
The program consists of 4 main components:
    - The KTextEditor plugin (kte-plugin/ directory): a plugin for KTextEditor which is loaded
      in e.g. kate. It is responsible for the actual collaborative editing, i.e. synchronization
      of the text buffer. This includes the text highlighting and popup widgets.
      It also provides the "Collaborative" menu and its actions.
      It will treat any document starting with inf:// as a collaborative document.
    - The KIO slave (kioslave/ directory): a KIO slave, which is responsible for listing files
      on collaborative servers. It offers the inf:// protocol for that purpose. Clicking a document
      with that protocol will open it in e.g. kate, which notices its URL starts with inf:// and will
      thus try to synchronize it. Read about the KDE KIO framework for more information; this specific
      protocol implementation is rather simple.
    - Telepathy integration (kte-plugin/ktpintegration directory). This mainly consists of some front-end
      code (dialogs etc.) for creating channel requests, and two small programs (the server- and client tube
      handler) which handle channels on the offering and receiving end, respectively.
      The way this works is quite complicated, and will require a separate document to be explained.
    - The kded module: This is a small module which runs in the background, and is responsible for updating
      the file views in e.g. dolphin. It also displays "A collaborative document was added" notifications
      in the tray.

And now, the other way round; which directory contains what?
    common/             Stuff which is common to more than one of the above components is located here.
                        That is mostly the connection stuff, the text buffer sync stuff (needed for the KIO),
                        the document tree related things ("browsers", representations of files/folders on a server),
                        and various smaller utility functions.
    kded-module/        The kded module, as described above.
    kioslave/           The KIO slave, as described above.
    kte-plugin/         The KTextEditor plugin itself.
        ui/             Dialogs and widgets used in the KTE plugin.
        settings/       The settings module reachable from Collaborative -> Configure
        ktpintegration/ Integration with Telepathy and KDE-Telepathy. Contains the client- and server side
                        channel handlers, and classes for creating requests.
                        Arguably, the client- and server side channel handlers are not really part of the KTE
                        plugin and could be located in a separate directory, but are currently not.
    tests/              Unit tests. Currently, there's only unit tests for the text buffer synchronization.

Starting an Infinote Serever
----------------------------
kte-collaborative does not have the ability to start an infinote server.  If you would like
to run an infinote server, you can use the 'infinoted' application installed
with libinfinity.
Example usage, using no encryption:
infinoted --security-polity=no-tls
On some systems, the executable might be called infinoted-0.5 or -0.6.

Connecting to an Infinote Server
--------------------------------
kte-collaborative treats each file with an URL which uses the inf:// protocol as a collaborative
document. You can thus just open inf://myusername@servername.tld:port/path/to/document.txt in the
editor, and the plugin should connect you to the session. You can also use the File -> Open dialog
to select the document after entering the base URL. Alternatively, you can use Collaborative ->
Open collaborative document for a nice GUI for entering connection parameters.
You can also use Telepathy to establish pseudo peer-to-peer connections to jabber contacts from
the same menu.
